DOC-379 Migrate PO tutorials (#298)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/tutorials/pages/operator-tutorial-jet.adoc

- Start the Jet pipeline

- Check the Jet pipeline

- Cancel the Jet pipeline

== Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure that you have:

* A running https://kubernetes.io/[Kubernetes] cluster
* Kubernetes command-line tool, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl[kubectl]
* Maven command-line tool, https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi[mvn]
* Deployed xref:operator:ROOT:get-started.adoc[Hazelcast Platform Operator version 5.8 or above]
* Blob storage and access credentials on one of the following cloud providers: https://aws.amazon.com/s3/[AWS], https://cloud.google.com/storage/[GCP], https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/blobs/[Azure]

== Deploy the Jet pipeline JAR to cloud storage

In this step, you'll build the Jet pipeline JAR from the tutorial's GitHub repository, and upload it to your cloud provider.

. Clone the sample project.

+
[tabs]
====
HTTPS::
+
--
```bash
git clone https://github.com/hazelcast-guides/hazelcast-platform-operator-jet.git

cd hazelcast-platform-operator-jet
```
--
SSH::
+
--
```bash
git clone git@github.com:hazelcast-guides/hazelcast-platform-operator-jet.git

cd hazelcast-platform-operator-jet
```
--
====

+

> The sample code for this tutorial is in the link:{github-directory}/tree/master/jet-pipeline/src/main/java/org/example/run[`jet-pipeline/src/main/java/org/example/run/`] directory:

Reviewer: Lines like this will rely on the github-directory variable at top of page - I think we should move these types of code includes into hazelcast-code-samples and update the refs...

Author: references to migrated code samples updated

Reviewer: This repo is not going to exist soon so reference has to be updated (whether we use variable or not) to:

```suggestion
The sample code for this tutorial is in the https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-code-samples/tree/master/platform-operator/hazelcast-platform-operator-external-backup-restore/docs/modules/ROOT/examples/operator-external-backup[`jet-pipeline/src/main/java/org/example/run/`] directory:
```
